1. Score: 9 - "PyTorch is a machine learning library that shows that these two goals are in fact compatible: it provides an imperative and Pythonic programming style that supports code as a model, makes debugging easy and is consistent with other popular scientific computing libraries, while remaining efficient and supporting hardware accelerators such as GPUs." - Adam Paszke, et al.
2. Score: 8 - "Deep learning frameworks have often focused on either usability or speed, but not both." - Adam Paszke, et al.
3. Score: 8 - "PyTorch builds on these trends by providing an array-based programming model accelerated by GPUs and differentiable via automatic differentiation integrated in the Python ecosystem." - Adam Paszke, et al.
4. Score: 9 - "Be Pythonic: Data scientists are familiar with the Python language, its programming model, and its tools. PyTorch should be a first-class member of that ecosystem." - Adam Paszke, et al.
5. Score: 9 - "Put researchers first: PyTorch strives to make writing models, data loaders, and optimizers as easy and productive as possible." - Adam Paszke, et al.
6. Score: 8 - "Provide pragmatic performance: To be useful, PyTorch needs to deliver compelling performance, although not at the expense of simplicity and ease of use." - Adam Paszke, et al.
7. Score: 7 - "Worse is better: Given a fixed amount of engineering resources, and all else being equal, the time saved by keeping the internal implementation of PyTorch simple can be used to implement additional features, adapt to new situations, and keep up with the fast pace of progress in the field of AI." - Adam Paszke, et al.
8. Score: 8 - "PyTorch uses the operator overloading approach, which builds up a representation of the computed function every time it is executed." - Adam Paszke, et al.
9. Score: 8 - "PyTorch can be easily extended to perform forward-mode differentiation using array-level dual numbers." - Adam Paszke, et al.
10. Score: 7 - "PyTorch implements a custom allocator which incrementally builds up a cache of CUDA memory and reassigns it to later allocations without further use of CUDA APIs." - Adam Paszke, et al.
11. Score: 8 - "PyTorch maintains a strict separation between its control and data flow." - Adam Paszke, et al.
12. Score: 8 - "PyTorch is designed to execute operators asynchronously on GPU by leveraging the CUDA stream mechanism to queue CUDA kernel invocations to the GPUs hardware FIFO." - Adam Paszke, et al.
13. Score: 7 - "PyTorch extends the Python multiprocessing module into torch.multiprocessing, which is a drop-in replacement for the built-in package and automatically moves the data of tensors sent to other processes to shared memory instead of sending it over the communication channel." - Adam Paszke, et al.
14. Score: 6 - "Libraries with eager semantics have to manage tensor memory without knowing how it will be used in the future. Garbage collection is the typical way to handle this automatically because it has good amortized performance." - Adam Paszke, et al.
15. Score: 9 - "PyTorch has become a popular tool in the deep learning research community by combining a focus on usability with careful performance considerations." - Adam Paszke, et al.